Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: MySmile
Version: 0.2.3b
Author: Andrii Pryz
Author-email: info@mysmile com ua
Home-page: http://mysmile.com.ua
Summary: MySmile is the lightweight open-source CMS based on latest Django version. 
License: BSD
Download-URL: UNKNOWN
Description: 

    MySmile is best choose for:

        0) Small websites aimed on static content with limited dynamic. For example such: "Personal 
site", "Startup business", "Advertising new Project/Product".
        1) Some prototypes/ideas that now looks tiny but has enormous potential to grow. Because 
MySmile use Django framework it breaks all barriers for implementation your new features.
        2) Freshmen Python developers for studying and experimenting.

    Innovation MySmile features:

        0) Use newspaper text organize technology like: columns, incuts.
        1) The design is changes via admin panel without any additional program coding.
        2) There are more then 27 unique designers combination! How we get them? Let's look into 
calculation. Every page consists of the 3 parts: central-column, right-column, bottom-column. 
Right-column can have 3 columns. And right-column has also 3 components: photo, youtube, text. 
Additionally every element can or can't be present.
        3) The additional menu creating dynamically for pages that is not in the menu. It works 
like mix of "cloud of links" and "bread crumbs". So you open links and it's on the menu.

    Demo version is avalible on http://demo.mysmile.com.ua
    Development version is available on GitHub: https://github.com/MySmile/MySmile.git.   
 
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Environment :: Web Environment
Classifier: Framework :: Django
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Natural Language :: Russian
Classifier: Natural Language :: Ukranian
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.2
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.3
Classifier: Topic :: Internet :: WWW/HTTP
Classifier: Topic :: Internet :: WWW/HTTP :: Dynamic Content
Classifier: Topic :: Internet :: WWW/HTTP :: WSGI
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Application Frameworks
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
